Added quiz about GitHub security settings (#423)
liatrio/devops-bootcamp: docs/2-Github/2.5-Security.md

# Github Security

> Some of GitHub's great, easy-to-use features are its multiple security measures. In this section, we'll walk through them and get you some practice on using them. Whenever you're working on a development project, security should be one of your top priorities, so these methods you're about to learn can serve as a great starting point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub offers a range of excellent and user-friendly security features. In this section, we'll delve into these features, providing practical guidance on how to use them effectively. Given the critical importance of security in any development project, the methods we'll explore here will not only be highly beneficial for your current work but also serve as a solid foundation for your future projects.
```
